fix invalid link flutter.dev (#11295)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/install/compiler/android.md

Android sdkmanager tool was found, but failed to run
(/Users/atsansone/Library/Android/sdk/cmdline-tools/latest/bin/sdkmanager): "exited code 1".
Try re-installing or updating your Android SDK,

> visit https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/macos/mobile-android#configure-android-development for detailed instructions.

Reviewer: Can you update this to match the new link from the `flutter` tool? As this is an example of the output. Thanks!

```suggestion
visit https://flutter.dev/to/macos-android-setup for detailed instructions.
```

Author: Sure. Thank you
